today is day one of the biggest project ive ever tried. it is called   
twitter offered me extended logoff time if i volunteered to show up at the mall in my twitter uniform and recruit new posters
metacritic is great. it sidesteps the great gaming journalism and highlights all the stuff written like red dead redemption  is of a masterpiece. it is most definitely having a moment. when speaking of games it is whence a 
working on stuff
the reason red dead redemption  is only a 9 on metacritic is that i gave it a 0. i just dont really like world war ii stuff
we wrote a bunch of scary short stories at sbnation. i wrote one about a pitcher with a  era
working on stuff
hope a red dead redemption  commercial comes on so i can watch it
this might be the best one theyve done so far
i miss having jon gruden in the booth. he delivered an unwavering, fierilike spirit of enthusiasm during an otherwise bad weeknight football game. we were pals
this is a periodical expression of appreciation for all the transnb people who follow me. love yall 
whoops i only searched postmerger era 90present. namath had a lot more before then. thanks gwbecher, sorry joe  
excited to watch the fourth quarter of a nationallytelevised blowout featuring two teams that have never lost their cool before
my favorite team is good because of something i did
yeah, the guy who made it needs to balance his audio better
itd be cool if the play that starts every football game mattered at all

nobody can score in this game becuase there is no bal
every sportswriter still has at least a dozen screenshots on their hard drive from 0 that look like this because we werent fast enough
ah, it seems there are many nfl games afoot
so are some colleges better than other ones? theyre all basically the same, right? whats the deal with all that
watching football and reacting to what happens
welcome to college football saturday
ive got nlcs game , nlcs game  if necessary, world series game , world series game , world series game , world series game , world series game  if necessary, world series game  if necessary, and world series game  if necessary fever
yall know macaree? he helped me make  and i absolutely couldnt have done it without him. his home was just hit by a historically bad flood and tons of his stuff is ruined. if youd like to chip in and help out my buddy
playing video games
hey sorry, i didnt get around to tweeting anything today. i might be free tonight, ill try to post a tweet or two later if i can
julio was great not only because of his ridiculously weird stance, but because at age  he would lose grip of his bat and send it flying. one time he did this twice in one atbat
my favorite hitters to watch ever. griffey cleanest swing. altuve bestengineered swing. vlad batted like he was playing pong. willie mcgee swung like he wished baseball was never invented. francoeur likely had never heard of baseball
too busy to tweet right now! get outta here! git!
baseball gloves are puppets. thats just the way i feel
staying up until three in the morning to watch a brewers game like i always do
working on stuff
jason witten often says stuff as a commentator that isnt smart at all, but he loves to watch football and gets excited about it. a lot of times were watching football by ourselves and its nice to have a buddy
yeah lore is card show
whenever i see an nflscorigami tweet
i dont mind losing, that was one of the coolest games ive ever seen
sony and michels high school reunion
all i know is, im a chiefs fan through thick and thin. i dont care about the score. i dont know whether  is a higher number than 9. if you hide an egg in a shoebox ill think it disappeared. i think stars are weird bugs. i think the telephone is a person when it talks to me
watching the game
theres lots of football games on today! this is gonna be great!
tusk is a great album, has one of my favorite fleetwood songs ever  
yall wanna come over, drink some wine that isnt all that good, play a turnbased dos game from 99, listen to fleetwood mac
so apparently this is a targeting penalty now. welcome to 0.
best coach bobby petrinobest nba player joakim noahbest quarterback eli manningbest baseball team nationalsbest tailgate food slice of bologna with a smiley face drawn on it in ketchupbest rap song chop suey! by system of a downlargest possible amount of money 
welcome to college football saturday
i find myself getting back into baseball now that im a little older and no longer care if something is good or not
i wish people would stop using twitter to clown around
here is a very interesting, informative, and ultimately moving fourminute podcast
if i ran a website id make it so an animated bellhop named fancy clancy took up half the screen. hed be like hello! im fancy clancy! which page would you like to visit next? it would be extraordinarily loud and crackly, and would probably blow the speakers on your laptop
nfl divisions, ranked
me and byyourlogic have been working on something. its kind of like pretty good and chart party except its two hours long. should hopefully be up at the end of november. i absolutely love it, hope yall will too
why do they call it thursday night football? oh
i am going to fix the environment all by myself. no action is required on your part
whats the most outrageous lie another kid ever told you when you were a kid? mine was this kid who claimed that the military made a suit that made you invincible in combat and his mom was enlisting him in the army to wear one at age 
whenever i tweet something i always dm everyone i follow like aloha!  hope alls good haha. care to signalboost with a like or, if i may be so bold, mayhaps a retweet?  ask any of them and theyll tell you they have inboxes full of hundreds of these
the best apps are the ones that send you notifications like holy schnikies, batman! please relink teh accountz0rz! every day for years after you disable them. its an expression of pure innocence that must be allowed to continue
gonna put this game on and leave the house for a while so i can kill all the flies
the chiefs going way up on the scoreboard just so a bunch of them can get ejected for taunting makes me so happy. if it turns out theyre also piping in crowd noise or running a steroids ring theyll be the coolest team ever
.patrickmahomes could you do me a huge favor and make one of your snap counts oh my god, oh my god i gotta call my brother, i gotta call my housekeeper, i gotta call my lawyer, ah forget my lawyer
oh look its another tweet from the sports guy you follow for some reason you dont remember. blah blah mahomes looking good touchdown conor mcgregor etc etc whatever. and since sports are on youre gonna see like 0 of these today. ahh god
chiefs fans are the most tortured fanbase. we lost a game last year. do you have any idea what thats like
oh uh, yeah. im eating a uh, ive got a poppy seed bagel and with some ham and eggs. its great, yeah. ok so i dont want to be rude, but im gonna finish my lunch. ok you too. thanks
it will be very interesting to find out who will win the championship fight
watching the fights
im very upset with banksy. i also think that tornado sirens should play commercials
welcome to college football saturday
i really dont like video review in baseball. totally slows the games momentum to a halt. were going to end up with a sport where guys just stand around a lot
basemen should always be standing on their bases with both feet. thats just the way i feel. also the batter should stand on home plate. just the way i feel
i dont know one guy, including myself, who hasnt purchased a chair that was too big to fit in his car and elected to tie it to the roof, sit on it, and rig a system of mop handles and pulleys to manipulate the steering wheel and pedals. ive had to do this dozens of time
i love pat mahomes and i genuinely believe that one day hell find something hes good at
america needs both a left wing and a right wing, so that it may spread them and take flight  like the bald eagle that inspires us as a nation. this tweet sucks so fucking bad! its awful!
ready to watch nfl games
mark my words football players in the game. playbooks. fans. football equipment. a good  or bad  painting of a football. these things all have to do with football
welcome to college football saturday
i got all my followers by tweeting out videos with who did this  for ,000 retweets and then blocking whoever answers my question
thank you dsalouisville for standing tall. im grateful for all youre doing for my favorite city in the world.  yall

check this out, nba fans hawks, celtics, nets, hornets, bulls, cavs, mavericks, nuggets, pistons, warriors, rockets, pacers, clippers, lakers, grizzles, heat, bucks, timberwolves, pelicans, knicks, thunder, magic, ers, suns, blazers, kings, spurs, raptors, jazz, and wizards
was just having a little trouble with my wireless mouse. turns out there was a speck of dust in the sensor. after identifying the issue, i managed to clean it up and now its working good as new
he played my high school in the kentucky state championship in 999, i watched as my friends hopelessly clung to him and he carried them literally  yards downfield  
athletes who i saw become god for some length of time in my lifetimebo jacksonbarry sandersgreg madduxmichael jordanjared lorenzenpedro martineztiger woodsdante hallserena williamscarlos beltrananderson silvajon jonesstephlebronlamar jacksonzlatan ibrahimovi
been on taco bells website for 0 minutes trying to design the perfect taco bell meal. think id go with a mexican pizza, a crunchy taco supreme and a meximelt
between 00 every sportswriter posted a photo captioned squaaaaad of themselves with two guys with names like the poker wolf and mlbgary. we were always wearing lanyards and backpacks. i was usually holding a paper plate with a single baby carrot and two tortilla chips
i wish twitter let you interrupt other peoples tweets. like youd start to tweet something and itd cut off halfway through so i could talk about a burger i ate
nfl players, nfl game, nfl team  the way its going, even nfl fans at this point
rooting for a successful football team is the the most effective way to repair your credit
watching the game
looks like dabo swinney and his boys are giving them all they can handle down in the swamp
easily the best gameday sign of the season. who did this 
welcome to college football saturday
investigating donald trump by bumbling around my neighborhood and staring at the ground through my magnifying glass. i keep bumping into people while looking for clues
sometimes i wonder whether lincoln chafee was just a guy i made up
didnt get a chance to check out jons tweets today? heres what you missed
ate some toast
still one of the funniest things ive ever seen
mamma jammas are typically quite large and rarely seen in groups. sightings are often reported by middleaged men shortly before being devoured or purchasing a truck
mahomes just threw an incompletion. been on the fence for a while but thats the last straw. im done with football
pretty sure itd be legal for mahomes to hand the ball off to a guy and just throw him into the end zone
football champions
looks like notre dames probably going to beat vanderbilt! thats cool. anyway rudys selfish overhustling was a psychotic character trait that sends a terrible message to children
went to the st=== your ad could be here! jons twitter account boasts a large follower count with a high engagement rate. speak to a sales specialist today to learn more about serving quality ads to a passionate, targeted audience.===ore
even though i graduated from state u, my son dennis chose to attend college state. we may be rivals during todays big game between state u and college state, but i still love my son dennis
today marks the first true road test for dabo swinney and his boys as they head down to the swamp
welcome to college football saturday
the baseball hall of fame is an illegitimate institution for lots of reasons, but its failure to induct larry walker on the first ballot does it in all by itself
i recommend watching sports like youre watching a parade. just indiscriminately cheer at whatevers going on and whoever they shove out there. way more fun that way
eating a snack
every day you should ask yourself how am i reflecting and demonstrating the jons followers values
not sure when or why, but one of the greatest songs ever recorded got taken off spotify
really happy that julia salazar won, although i was kind of conflicted. as a rule i dont think you should be able to run for office unless you have a lot of money
at ease, private
working on stuff
was just thinking about how you could make the argument, without sounding totally stupid, that for years the mariners had four guys at the same time who were the best ever to play their position. youd only barely be wrong
say cheese! apples newest iphone will feature a builtin camera  but itll cost you some cheddar
steve jorb. hoping this gets embedded in a twitter reaction roundup post somewhere. hello readers, i hope you are enjoying your content
what if it was uh, what if there was like a pumpkin bagel. like a pumpkin spiced bagel.  
so apparently we still havent learned our lesson? social media managers never do this. just dont.
for years ive carried on an old footballinspired tradition of sticking a star on my laptop every time i win an argument online. check out this bad boy
if the raiders have to play on infield dirt they should be able to grow crops on the grass. guarantee youd be able to grow some tomatoes somewhere in the outfield across an entire season of baseball
katamarshawn damacy
the main problem with football is that there arent any quarterbacks who are good
brownssteelers is the first week  tie in  years via pfref

lets check in on bills fans right now
ah shouldve figured this existed already
designing a nathan peterman poster where hes all covered in mud and grimacing and brandishing a sword, and behind him theres a lightning strike and a bunch of people doing wheelies on motorcycles and an f pilot giving a thumbsup from the cockpit, and an exploding castle
advice to high schoolers pay close attention to commercials for universities. some colleges are different somehow. look for the one that says, we. are. tradition. future.  you see someone looking into a microscope, you hit the jackpot
hanging out with other people online
nobody likes serena williams except for me
this guy tackles like the little google maps man you drag around by the head to enable street view
lee corso has predicted that state u will defeat college state
welcome to college football saturday
reading about baseball
ah, lets see whats going on with  checks notes  eggs, coffee, tomatoes, onions, spinach, tuna, dog food, and aluminum foil
jons nfl season preview
i like nbcs green zone thing. then again i also liked foxs glowing puck thing and i think its good that the al and nl have different designated hitter rules. and i kind of like beefamato, the drink thats basically just tomato juice and beef broth. and i think coldplay is good
this weather is for the birds  falcons and eagles, to be specific! listen, i know you dont follow me, and i dont know why this was retweeted into your feed. i wasnt part of the decisionmaking process that led to that. im not the one you should be angry with
gonna laugh so hard when the falcons all show up on the field tonight wearing the same outfit. you think im joking but thats absolutely something they would do
this is such an amazing sad checkmate
online sports media was at its best in 00. if we wrote anything on pride fighting, wed have access to like one licensed image of tommy lee standing in front of a partially obscured logo for some reason. this photo probably headed 00 different articles
haters guide to the nflby jonwhats the. what the heck is jay cutler up to. i bet hes, what if he is probably smoking a freaking cigarette. i bet that andy reid is eating the ah, eating some barbecued food.comments jon this is your landlord. please return my calls.
a cool thing about chess with fiveminute timers is that you can play an absolute garbage game and end up with a ridiculous checkmate you werent even planning
working on stuff
my new favorite youtube hobby is to look up a highlight video of a player everyone universally respects and scroll to the comments where everyones like this guys awesome, he destroyed my  defensive players like ed reed and brian dawkins are usually the best bets for this

all right, lets have a little wednesday afternoon fun! ive got here a photo of a 90s oldsmobile cutlass ciera, and ill post it if this tweet gets fewer than 00 likes by 00 eastern
happy labor day! do you enjoy clean air? a stable ecosystem? or even a nice spot to sit in the shade? well, you have trees to thank for that
alright that does it. im gonna leave twitter, join a social media platform called gorf or something, come back in three hours and delete this
drinking a crystal pepsi! finally found something i have absolutely zero feelings about, positive or negative. at least with drywall or the milwaukee brewers theres negligible level of residual opinion. this one is just a total flatline. its kind of nice. ah shit i messed it up
watching reign of fire! its a super enjoyable forgotten classic, forgot how good it was. anyways louisville is losing because all of the alabama players are cheating
sounds like dabo swinney and his boys took care of business down in the swamp
alright lets hear it, football fans whats your favorite gameday tradition, and when do you think will be the last year anyone will remember you ever existed? mines cooking fajitas for everyone, and 
louisville is going to beat alabama! and then they are going to win the rest of their games and become the champion! and then everyone will respect jon, and will want to be his friend
welcome to college football saturday
got a burrito
i think spencer might be the best sportswriter alive. every late august he reaffirms this
aha! this season, the nfl will be posting schedules and scores on their website  and fans like me stand to benefit
furries are cool. everyone who hates them is wasting their godgiven energy not having any of the fun the furries are having
if louisville beats alabama this weekend, i will eat an entire apple except for the core or stem or whatever
tweet 9, is a maintenance tweet. its just here to reset the feed and perform account defragmentation. no action is required on your part. please dont interact with this tweet in any way, just let it do its job. thank you!
between 0 and 0, sports media people would go to a bar and tweet get on my  with a closeup photo they took of either their beer or some weird burger with ham on it or something. i did it, we all did it. you werent a true sportswriter if you didnt
the worst humiliation of my life was the time i was at the movies and they played the trailer for not another teen movie. before they showed the title i muttered to my friend, not another teen movie
john ross just basically parallelparked inside the bills secondary
lets all remember the one job john mccain ever had in which he didnt inflict death and misery upon countless people
if my team can just finish the preseason with a  record, it will give me the confidence i need to stand up to the other boys at work. they will no longer hold me up by my ankles and shake me until my lunch money falls out
welcome to college football saturday
my hard drives like my standup career  lots of bits, but no gigs available!
this tweet is a double feature== feature  ==a few people have asked me whether tonights 0 brownseagles game is scorigami. no, it does not count as such since its a preseason game== feature  ==heres a great song
shit i forgot what i was going to tweet. sorry
these guys are some of the funniest people online. yelllaughed at this like three different times
health professionals recommend watching queen concert videos right before going to bed on a weeknight
okay this is the funniest part of the chapotraphouse book so far. im screaming
i am very happy that paul manafort is going to prison. thats what you get for messing with my close personal friend the irs
heres a forgotten 0s jam. carly simons an incredible songwriter. she didnt write this one but she kills it
alright i think ive had my fill of chess. returning to my passion of typing 00  00 into a calculator and hammering the equals sign while cheering wildly. my strategy is usually to keep pushing equals
went to the store
the strongest counterargument against paying college athletes is what if were all in the  if we want to advocate for our position, we need to be prepared to address this question. what if money isnt real because were all in the matrix
my mentions serve as a virtual town square, a meeting place where esteemed intellects gather to form new ideas and engage in spirited debate
00 million is enough to pay an entire 0man roster 0,000 a year for 00 years
welcome to college football saturday
if i were an mma fighter i would spend the month leading up to the fight shrieking falsehoods about my opponents personal life and family until i started crying. my fight would last  seconds. in the year 000 theyd dig up my skeleton and think they discovered an apesquid
thinking about becoming one of those guys who care whether people wear shorts. anything i need to know before i jump in? does anyone have any pointers for someone new to the community
chess is really fun if youre not all that good. once you get kind of good it becomes a hypercomplicated nightmare that feels like youre doing laundry for the devil. i recommend getting really into it for a month and abruptly quitting for two or three years
was just talking about how there should be one of those a house divided sports welcome mats where theyre both the same team. its just an unhappy marriage is all
if this gets fewer than 0 likes, i will post a photo of a 999 gmc jimmy
other developers are making enormous openworld games without that many major bugs. ea has been making this game inside of a 0yard rectangle since reagan was in office
if i were a baseball player and i hit a home run, i would sit down in the batters box and silently read the bible until one of the umpires arrested me

welcome to college football saturday
this is not a joke, he routinely did this
this is one of my favorite baseball moments of all time
whos your thfavorite baseball player of all time and why
alright, closing the tab now. if you need any more info on sammo hung it should still be online for you to look up. thanks
hey i just realized ive got a tab open for sammo hungs wiki page. anyone need to know anything about sammo hung before i close the tab
my top picks to play the next bondjohn cenadmxcarson dalychael sonnenhowie long
whenever i engage someone in debate, i always preface my arguments with yeah but to me its one of those things where  thats when they start wondering what kind of trouble they just got themselves into
gonna go get some chips or an apple or something to tide me over until lunchtime
my favorite teams quarterback looked sharp in a preseason game because i have been chosen by god

whoa this blew up
photoshopped jacks bio to make it look like he runs an unlicensed veterinary clinic that has  stars on yelp. for legal purposes i want to clarify that this isnt his actual bio
played this album off and on for the last year, took me that long to realize how great it is
alright i think thats enough picking on paul manafort. they crossed the line from playful ribbing a long time ago. hes clearly not having fun. leave him alone
so it looks like theyve deleted the bad tweet. unfortunately for them, nothing disappears on the internet.
yall wanna come over, grill a bunch of meat, play some chess, listen to migos
welcome to college football saturday
ray lewis is going off in the booth while lamar jackson plays his first series. its a pleasure to watch this with my good friends bo jackson, bill watterson, david attenborough, barbara lee, vin scully, dante hall, and god
just found out beyonces in concert tonight! i would like to go! i am going to withdraw 0 in cash and arrive at the ticket booth five minutes early just in case. hopefully i will have enough left over for a tshirt or a bottle of pop
every once in a while i see someone trying to be serious on twitter. its like watching a kid intensely playing an arcade game. screen keeps flashing insert coin but hes just playing the absolute shit out of it
alright, apparently this is just a big joke to some people, but i genuinely was trying to scam you. excuse me for trying i guess
describe your social security number in nine digits
after work me and the boys are gonna head down to the bar and debate which athletes have the most influential brands. really gonna rip shit up
list your favorite, thfavorite, 0rdfavorite, thfavorite, 0thfavorite, and ,0th baseball players of all timemine bo jacksonjeff francoeur tie jose oliva0 chone figgins mark gubicza0 gerald laird0 macay mcbride
my favorite teams wide receiver said the quarterback was throwing very well in practice today, so i decided to buy a super bowl ticket. i stuffed  in an envelope addressed to super bowl and gave it to a policeman. i have been sentenced to two years in prison
being a ufc fan is so much fun. every saturday conor mcgregor fights jon jones. so far theyre tied 00. the fights are on pbs
finally signed up for twitter. from this feed you can probably expect commentary on sports and pop culture, plus some random musings. follow along!
the simpsons is the hottest show on tv, and you know what that means. simpsons tshirts. simpsons coffee mugs. simpsons lunchboxes. theres even a bart simpson video game
welcome to college football saturday
oh shit uh change oil 00 miles dont worryabout problem believe in yoursef
last time i was at a baseball game i started chanting   my section started chanting along, and before long the whole stadium was thundering   im sorry for everything that ensued after that
yall wanna come over, drink beer with me and cushbomb, talk about various fast food offerings
ive seen a lot of funny things. but the funniest thing ive ever seen was the time i saw a clown juggle some bowling pins. he did so first with two, then three, then four! when this concluded, he honked a horn on his lapel and did a hilarious dance. it was outrageously funny
tame impala is the band of the decade. theyve put out three albums so far and i love them equally. drums on this one just kill me
whenever i hang out with one of my podcasting friends they always show up decked out in all their podcasting shit. every few minutes they look out the window like yeah  might go castin  still have no idea what a podcast is
health professionals recommend taking an occasional break to consume boring content. heres an extremely boring newspaper article from 99 announcing various road repairs
heres my impression of jerry seinfeldhey, its a crazy town  why not make some crazy friends? george, elaine, and kramer  especially kramer  can be a real handful, but theyre there for me each and every day. sometimes unlikely friendships are the closest of 
as a nets fan i have to say i didnt prepare myself for this. oh well. enjoy him, wiz fans. hes special
my friends all think im a nerd because i carry my smartphone with me everywhere i go 
the guy who says baba booey at golf tournaments is a delightful feature of the course. if you let the baba booey guy mess up your swing its a poor reflection on your work ethic and character. he did his job, now you do yours
the worlds best golfer is  a tiger?!? well, not exactly. but with eldrick tiger woods leading the pack, lifes a zoo in the golf world
in general i love 0 counts, but i loved watching maddux with a . they were toast and they had no idea  
my girlfriend has literally 0 browser tabs open on her 0 chromebook. some tabs are like a week old and its not even slowing down. its astounding. trying to imagine what 99 me would think of that. hed be amazed i have a girlfriend
went to the store
i kind of like having the blue chair in this room. in the other room there isnt enough space, but if we put it like this against the wall, its pretty out of the way. see? like if its in the corner here. i dont know. maybe twitters not the right forum for a debate like this
welcome to college football saturday
hey, yall know the dude who runs nflscorigami? he went on jeopardy and told alex trebek about scorigami and won. congrats dpmattingly
me im keeping my eye on you, donald trump!donald trump oh nome im all caught up with the news  and your goose is cooked!donald trump aaaahhme im gathering the facts and evidence as we speak!donald trump oh noooome im gonna getcha!donald trump oh no aaaahh
been watching the wire again. so much of the plot is driven forward because of people just forgetting to do stuff. empires rise and fall and the epilogue is someone going like ahhh shit. sorry about  really speaks to me
wonder if theres a battery twitter. just a group of people who like to talk shop about different kinds of batteries. like, oh, duracells fallen behind in the aa class since 0. or like oh, rayovacs 9volts are the best budget buy. think id really be into that scene
a panel of experts has voted louisville, kentucky the worlds most normal city
never understood why they all wear different uniforms in the allstar game. id get so mixed up id probably start pitching the ball to the other team
i wrote a program to analyze every simpsons episode and generate an episode of its own. heres what it came up with
did a quick thing with edsbs on people we would be most afraid to fight. my answers are mirko cro cop, kyle farnsworth and sean hannity
i bet you couldve been in the mlb allstar game if youd just quit fussin with your handheld computer all day. matter of fact, youre grounded! one week without the sega boy
i think the thing that attracted me to journalism is that theres really no wrong way to do it
podcasted with my polygon friends about the history of ti calculator gaming, which is probably the only subject im an expert on
when did the united states ... become the untied states
i find donald trumps behavior very surprising. i hope everything is all right
trying to build houses for all the other fortnite players to live in, but they keep shooting me. maybe if i make better houses they wont be so mad at me
this is beautiful
good call, on the nba civilization map i doubt these two teams have even discovered each other
whats the least intense rivalry in sports? oriolesdiamondbacks seems pretty chill, doubt they have much to say about each other
welcome to college football saturday
i wrote this chapter of  a year ago today. only time ive ever broken down and cried in the middle of writing something.
these are widely regarded to be the four most valuable baseball cards ever made. combined, they are estimated to be worth upwards of 0 million
in my high school there was an antidrug poster that said that if youre in a moving car and someone in the car is smoking pot, you should jump out of the window
hmm  it will be very interesting to see who will win upcoming super bowls
fair warning  if you try to come at me on here, i will clap back at you. and yes, i keep the receipts
been getting back into gum lately. whats your favorite gum out there these days? im loving ice breakers ice cubes, although mentos wintergreen is giving it a run for its money
everyone with one of these verified badges is an absolute blockhead. we chose to have these. many of us went way out of our way to get one. we should constantly be made fun of for this

todays viral video is of a lemon going down the road, huh? whats the big stinkin deal  i see a chrysler every day!
0 years later, this is still one of the greatest jams of all time
just turned on msnbc. looks like theres some kind of corruption going on with russia, sort of like a spy type deal. seems like some pretty interesting stuff! very cool
this match really demonstrates the determination and resolve of the croatian people. this is something i just decided is true for some reason
would anyone like to discuss nl central standings
hope this match goes to penalty kicks. thats the part of soccer i like. very exciting
twitters rolling out some new changes. heres what they mean.
a banana split sounds really good. havent had one in a long time. might see if i can get one tomorrow somewhere
ah damn it
just saw the messin with sasquatch commercial where he escapes the hikers, rests on a tree stump and cries. hair all matted with trash they threw at him. finally lets it all out, just doubles over and wails. think about that next time you buy  chewing gum for your cat
all right, whos been sharing my tweets? i know youre saying, oh, im just going to share it with jimmy down the  but then guess what, he shares it with peggy sue, and she shares it with bobby joe, and before you know it the whole neighborhoods got my tweet
okay, lets put a positive spin on that tweet thats been going around whats a credit card number, expiration date, and threedigit security code you have that other people dont seem to understand
bartenders love it when you say things like, i just may be in the mood for a, hrm, how should i say  adult beverage? if youre hungry, you could say, methinks im feeling a bit  and if youre made fun of, dont cry! just quietly clean up your jigsaw puzzle and leave
this view never gets old. i get goosebumps every time i fly over my preferred city or town
welcome to college football saturday
this is one year old today. ive never had more fun making something
i thought that scott pruitt was doing a very good job
the two kinds of politics are voting and tweeting
just remembered that time a player threw a fastball and  million people said yowza, thats some spicy salami at the exact same time
if youre used to sorryass new york fireworks shows this conclusion makes sense. louisvilles derby show is like 0 straight minutes of the death star exploding
welcome to the party, new followers! stay tuned to this feed for a heaping helping of sports chatter  with a dash of snark and pop culture, of course. one word of caution if you come into my mentions with that weak sauce? you just might get roasted.
if i were a 90s dad i wouldve referred to the nes as a game boy and the game boy as the game  every couple weeks id buy a bunch of ninevolt batteries like heres some batteries for your game bot
a few years ago i ran an apocalyptic nbak league that simulated until the 00 season. the game had lebron join the lakers and retire with them in 0
i understand the dsa doesnt actually run nba teams, but at this point a team could absolutely win the east on a dsa platform
ate a hot dog
people would probably take me more seriously if i didnt have a garfield avi
hey, i just noticed youre having fun watching soccer. well guess what, i dont even watch it very often. so how about you just settle down
been on the phone yelling at my isp for  minutes because i saw a listicle i disagreed with. if i hit a dead end with them im calling the power company
welcome to college football saturday
was just thinking about the time 0yearold nolan ryan led the league in era and went 
about  years ago i resigned myself to total political defeatism. back then i never couldve imagined someone with ocasio0s platform would ever win anything. on paper it makes sense, but i still cant believe it
my friends who arent on twitter are always asking me where i get all my good riddles, word puzzles, knockknock jokes and more
correct
welcome to college football saturday
at laguardia again! its very busy here but lines were very short for a friday morning. pleased with my experience, no problems to report
me and alex put up a new episode of dorktown today. its about the 0 rockets, who rode the ball through heaven and into their eventual ruin
i have more life experience than everyone being selected in the nba draft. none of these guys have ever bought spindles of cdrws at circuit city and sent in the mailin rebate that made them free. and i never sent them in either. but still
i hope dwight howard stays in brooklyn. he means a lot to this city and he is the best basketball player in the world
i have an idea for a soccer video game. you would push forward to run forward. if you wanted to run left you would push left, and push right if you wanted to move right. and if you wanted to turn around you push back. there would be a pause button for if you wanted to pause it
ive been laughing at this part for five minutes straight
rip vader, star of one of the most brilliantly silly things in the history of wrestling  
i probably have around  followers who are trump supporters, so twitter will be the place where i yell about trump all day. the other 0,900 of you have to put up with it. this will be a net benefit somehow
me and edsbs are gonna start our own game studio
whoever came up with the phrase fun in the sun must be a millionaire by now. wish id thought of that! same with cars
i really appreciate the support transnb people show for me. im happy youre here and i love yall. this has been an irregular test of the emergency nbtrans appreciation broadcast system
0s design is gorgeous. everyone probably says this about the decade they were born in, so i might be full of shit when i say its a peak we havent hit since then
watched mexicogermany at the bar. i said ah yes  the zimmermann  nobody responded so i just kept on saying ah yes  the zimmermann telegram until they called the fire department. eight trucks arrived and the fire chief arrested me. didnt know they could do that
been digging kofieyeboahs videos a lot. this one is on why passing in basketball video games is kinda bad and probably always will be
lil man stops whatever hes doing whenever he  
nobody likes beyonce except for me
every eight to ten years, the loudly dislikes soccer guy comes into vogue, and its coming back around. im trying to be at the crest of this wave. should be able to use my momentum to become hates foreign food he hasnt tried guy by 0
alright whats going on? soccer twitter is tweeting complete sentences in the afternoon instead of saying stuff like man city noooo at nine in the morning. is there a soccer championship or whatever
lets hear it everybody how many of yall have escaped citadel alpha to rove the plains on a wild stallion, searching for the sevenarmed dmon who read from the forbidden scrolls ten thousand years ago and reduced your native soil to ash? lets get a conversation going
welcome to college football saturday
i was joking everyone, having an extra bottle of mustard is fine. i didnt jump out of my window like the hobbit guy
bought mustard at the store, i forgot i had some mustard already
me eats serving of perishable foodalso me seals and stores unused portion in refrigerated area
i am hanging out in new york city!
soccer players should just throw it
what is this, the onion
you cant arrest me. i am a webnative storyteller
if youd like to retweet one of my tweets, great news  its easier than you think! some of my tweets are public domain. others carry a sharealike creative commons license. and some are available to license for a fee. reach out to your legal representative for more information
cool
last straw, bax. youre fired
really annoyed that its capitalized though
oh man i finally pocket tweeted! big day for me. no way im deleting that. thank you for sharing this moment with me
mmoklol loltitiautatajtlusussstsusususssswulsit
you ever leave the house and get the creeping feeling that you left the stove on? well not me, i always turn it off. idiot
say what you will, but wendys is changing the game on social media 
botgenerated news video youtube is an outstanding youtube genre that will probably never get the respect it deserves
i have decided that this is true
gestures to jagged heap of scrap wood, rustedout car parts and broken glasshow do you uh, what do you think about all that
you ever ragepurchase socks? got sick of always being low on socks so i just bought  pairs at once like some kind of asshole. highly recommend it
gop were introducing the stinking load of crap billme stinking load of crap bill? more like the stinking load of crap bill
welcome to college football saturday
me if i looked cool
the warriors almost had the first fourpeat of the modern era. unfortunately they didnt since they somehow blew a  lead and lost game  at home. now they dont even have a threepeat like they should. also their fans recommend apps at wedding receptions
sad scene at quicken loans arena. fans are tearing off their cavs jerseys, then their offensive baseball jerseys underneath, then, after a pause, their usa soccer jerseys. some are content to sit in browns jerseys, others have torn those off to sit in their quicken loans jerseys
watching the game. i really like to watch sports
i got a camera and poked around in that station around the minute mark of this video
fans of chart party the fatcats over at the mta are planning to renovate the chambers street j station, hurry up and visit it while its still apocalyptically shitty
in 990 spalding marketed a promotional home alone basketball with a speaker that said keep the change, ya filthy animal! every time you bounced it. anyone remember those? hope not, since i completely made that up, but its kind of a funny thing to believe for a few seconds
not watching the stanley cup right now, but you cant just walk around on those kinds of shoes. its a fun idea but youd fall right over. i just dont believe in it
when did the oval office  become the awful office
kevin durants the kid who demolishes your tetris high score and then you find out he doesnt know you can rotate the pieces
me reading the first half of a book title who cares? big hairy deal! ive seen it all me reading the part of the title after the colon hey! not too shabby! might give this one a whirl after all!me stranded in the middle of the kuiper belt soundless shrieking
what do you do?im in a creative director roleah, cool! seems like that could be fun. i dont know much about that line of work, so apologies if i say something i know more about my life than you do and i wish you were dead
the july  meme format has leaked! just got my hands on it. its a woman harvesting potatoes with the text, no more potatoes  im  sounds like theyre anticipating that people will replace potatoes with subtweets or kardashians or something. excited for this one!
talking to macaree about his time as a mario kart speedrunner
warriors uniforms look like a coffee shop run by a megachurch
oh good, the no true scotsman argument. holy fallacy, batman!
from its high price point to the redundant nature of its product  you can prepare the juice without the machine, after all  juicero is truly putting the squeeze on consumers
trump invited kim kardashian to the white house, well, are you sure he didnt invite the wrong kim by mistake instead of kim jongun. it seems like politics these days is like a reality show.
look around and ask yourself, who is truly thriving in 0? i think youd have to agree that the answer is danny. danny has a brandnew shirt and a basket of fruits and vegetables. this is what thriving looks like
welcome to college football saturday
yall wanna come over, eat popeyes, talk about our favorite stephen root performances
yeah
my last tweet got lots of retweets! haha! i am very successful! everyone will remember it an hour from now

 smith rules. running around and bouncing a basketball? sign me up
would anyone like to discuss mlb transactions
theres a lot of debate as to whether you should allow the warriors to go on a run. those on one side point out that such runs could turn the tide of a game very quickly. those on the other are busy trying to build a spaceship out of wood
pusher tthe dark vaderjerry seinfieldkrogersmike shashefskythese things i know to be true
jokes caught on like wildfire after that until 0, when comedy was abruptly canceled in favor of pretending to be mad about food
in the 990s there were only two jokes. the first one was, if someone was excited or upset or something, youd be like, you might wanna switch to decaf! the other one was, you mustve forgot your prozac! those were the two jokes
my twitter client doesnt remove deleted tweets from my mentions, so a lot of times ill see the evolution of your tweet across two or three drafts. i would never make fun of you publicly for it, but its really funny to watch. just thought you should know
way late to this, but its 0
i can almost guarantee that pusha t has sold drugs before. im serious
ah, the tv show. the sitcom show, right? oh yeah, ive been hearing about that. good stuff! very cool
made it to 00,000 followers! very excited

the rockets are going to win now that they are leading by  points
watching the game
hopefully one day i mess up and say something really offensive and stupid. i feel like im a really good apologizer, but its a skill ive never really been able to demonstrate for a large audience
that was nuggetshornets, 009
yeah i almost kept it

main problems with the nbano good playersthere is no longer a special treat inside the basketballsometimes the ball goes out of bounds and they have to go get itjust go outside if you want to run around and be crazyby the looks of it mittens are not allowedtoo bright
how come smokey the bear doesnt like soccer? because he doesnt like to play with matches! just came up with that one a minute ago
welcome to college football saturday
okay, so this debate has been raging in my work slack room all day and weve just got to bring it to twitter, so lets hear it, people! what are some shapes
my really easily disprovable conspiracy theory is that pizza hut is actually called pizza hot
wrote part of a book  
watching the game
going for the rockets in this series because houston guided apollo missions and the bay area makes apps called extinguishrlyfy that privatize the fire department
hockey would be more popular in america if american teams won the stanley cup more often
ok, our newsroom is obsessed with this right now. help us settle a debate is this a photo, or has a very small man bored a hole in my monitor and sat behind it with a basket of fruit
ah man. i thought 00,000 was the number that came after 99,000. ah shit. well, that ones on me
only one more follower until i get 00,000! whos it gonna be?
maybe to get more ticket sales, the celtics could do a joke where its like sell tix! like celtics, sell tix, you know. so right now i find im running into that classic problem where im terribly stupid but i still want to be helpful
put out a new video today! id be happy to tell you all about rickey henderson if youre not familiar with him
watching the game
i would never open itunes on purpose, but whenever i do by accident my computer slows down like its trying to use its battery to open a drawbridge. feel free to use this tweet as an open thread on how bad itunes is
help me settle a debate thats tearing my office apart! what number is earlier in the alphabet, w or j
surprise, just put up a new episode of dorktown! this ones about how rickey henderson could basically do whatever he wanted
simulacrum is a meaningless word i invented as a joke in 00. i didnt expect it to blow up like it has, but its turned out to be a useful indicator. whenever you read the word simulacrum you can be certain that the writer has no idea what theyre talking about
im a lot like a video game npc. seems like once a week i get saved from a murderer. i immediately stand up straight with a gushing leg wound and say, wow thanks! you really saved my bacon! then i try to sell them lockpicks or tell them about air conditioning vents i know about
eating tuna fish straight out of the can. stopped halfway through to look up the wiki entry for tuna  theres a section for canned tuna, turns out  and also to tweet this
welcome to college football saturday
now that there are no nba games on tonight, everyones going to discover mlb regular season baseball instead, and no one will ever watch the nba again
if i ever get a studfinder, my studfinder joke will be heh, lets see if this baby can find any studs around  and then ill hold it up and start shrieking that their bodies are in the walls
watching nba on tnt. joel osteen just showed up on my television! have to take my television out back and burn it now
im proud to shop at marcus smart
i like watching basketball. the players are really good and theres cool stuff going on all the time
im gonna do that every time i think
at ease, private
ok ill explain rain for all the smalltown folk who might be confused. you know when you go to the grocery store and you hear the scary noise and the water sprays all over the apples? you dont know what apples are. ok no problem. apples are like, imagine if trees gave you candy
next time i see an action film i want the characters to hold hands and sing kumbaya. its been sarcastically suggested too many times not to
went to the store
just saw someone on a message board say that anakin skywalker and darth vader are the same person. most ridiculous fan theory ive ever heard. do me a favor and run an image search for anakin. now run one for vader. youre welcome. google is your friend
love this video from kofieyeboah on the time barry bonds hit a home run that just kinda disappeared into space
please stop tweeting. i am trying to watch a movie
all right. since some have been asking, this is why i am not fighting in ufc  tonight
hey everybody. hate to do this, but my hosting costs are going through the roof and i need to cut down my follower count. so if youve been following for a while, youve been on the fence, kind of feel like it isnt for you, please think about giving a quick unfollow. thank you!
in 99 you could pay 0 for a beeper that would beep at you  times a night to tell you how many guys the white sox had on base. the players went on strike like two weeks after they came out with this. very cool
yall wanna come over, read some old newspaper articles about the 99 seattle mariners, watch unsolved mysteries
welcome to college football saturday
.danwink reclaims the title
we have a new champion
weve broken the oneminute barrier. ryan found all 0 states blind in  seconds. holy smokes
oh hell
.overlordlork is on fire
honestly i didnt expect anyone to immediately annihilate my time, well done
this is a deceptively tough sporcle quiz. beat it with  left. taking on all comers  
watching an old ufc fight! it will be very interesting to find out who will win
i am a proud michigan alumnus who loves microsoft office and cant stop tweeting about alicia keys and rancid, and i fucking love the mail
god im so old. people born in 0 are now old enough to drive
it will be interesting to see who will win the eastern conference finals and western conference finals
i become all these guys simultaneously whenever i open a ramen seasoning packet
my definition of masculinity is the guys in this 90s commercial getting really weirdly excited about steak sauce
recorded a new episode of dorktown about rickey henderson, might be up next week. and im making a documentary thats sort of like pretty good but its like 90 minutes long, should be ready in a couple months. also planning on picking up a couple more deck chairs for the backyard
yeah, they might call me jon in the office all day. they might call me jonbois on twitter. but all that limelight fades away when i come home and turn on my tv. here, im just one thing user
we got a new show on our channel called rewinder. first episodes about jordans last shot in the 9 finals. it rules
seems like these days everyones on their cell phones instead of their smell phones. like its, you stop and smell the roses, except its roses instead of the phone. you know? so its like people are, the point of it is people spend too much time on the phone instead of nature
dude looks like the gum in the middle of a tootsie pop
cant even imagine what caring about this would be like
same, ive eaten plenty of tofu and i cant see how its possible to have any opinion about it
alright, lets get some conversation going! whats something youre very familiar with and yet have absolutely no feelings or opinions about, positive or negative? mines the milwaukee brewers
was just thinking about if the power rangers favorite food was chicken zordon bleu. you know, i understand that a lot of likes means the tweet is good, but sometimes it just doesnt feel that way
time to rate some more amounts of money00 wouldnt step on train tracks for it but its a solid chunk of dough9, now thats one check im cashing! no big deal  ive seen more00 hey wait just a minute! million aw cmon whats the big idea
looking for a weeknight dinner recipe thats truly out of this world? well, i dont know what im supposed to say to that. good luck i guess
was beating this guy at rocket league by a lot so he just started to try to score on himself. we nonverbally agreed that the game then became me trying to keep him from owngoaling. most fun ive had playing video games in a while
doctors recommend that you engage in online arguments about consumer electronics or the superman movies or whatever and dont stop until you wake up on your couch with your shoes on
 
back in the day if you hated lebron you were just kinda anonymously joyless. if you hate lebron in 0 youre every guy on the street who walks around with a backpack over their suit
the cops are sad
welcome to college football saturday
i would like to make a reference. the reference is theres always money in the banana stand from arrested development. im also attaching a photo of the dvd box
thinking about allowing cardboard and various waste materials to collect in emergency stairwells. havent decided
we were a typo away from a universedestroying movie villain called thanks
everyone follows dril but once in a while i gotta retweet the best ones
dont change your password. you gotta pick some new password you wont forget, theres probably some email thing you have to do, its this whole deal. its too much work. youll be fine
people sometimes wonder if im the same guy in real life as i am on twitter. and yes, absolutely i am. i speak  sentences per day and 0 people laugh every time. sometimes someone on the street will say something and i answer wheres the lie in my kitchen seven hours later
just grabbed some trail mix. im probably going to have to eat a late dinner tonight, like 0 or 9. so hopefully this will tide me over until then
oh youre a reporter huh well how about if, what about doing a report of, a report about your butt and ass
reviews of my new show are rolling in
ah yeah, thanos! thanos from the ah, from the superman show. sounds neat! very cool
i feel bad for the raptors. canadians are always inventing sports they cant win. trash talk like this inevitably falls apart once youre reminded that you can break your arm in canada without wearing a rollerblading wrist pad to work and just kinda hoping it gets better
here is my new show i do with my buddy alex. it is called dorktown. this ones about baseballs adam dunn, who made not having to run anywhere into an art form
judging from my tweets today, ive made it to the tweet a bunch of jokes but dont actually talk to anyone dipshit tier. the tier above this is the goes to industry conferences dipshit, which in turn unlocks wants to buy house dipshit
if someone blocks you and you screenshot it, people will think you are cool
the best scene of the simpsons is the first one, in which homer drives somewhat recklessly so as not to be late for barts school musical. it is a tremendously funny peek into this crazy familys world
if i were a baseball player i would constantly try to steal shortstop. my war would be . id be traded eight times a year but teams would always start me as part of some kind of byzantine tax evasion racket
i remember one time i tweeted a photo of me drinking miller lite and fictitiousdrew replied something like, ah. love to drink complete  he could own you so hard if you werent careful
so im probably late to realize this, but fictitiousdrew got suspended. easily one of the best accounts on twitter. if he made you laugh like he did me, share your favorite drew goof
can i help you  
doing a new show called dorktown. made a 0minute episode on adam dunn, the most beautifully tanklike player in baseball history. should be going up tomorrow
the nfl should have a second crossbar that connects the two uprights at the top. kicking a field goal above the uprights is an affront to the lord
nba denialists find themselves completely unable to reconcile their beliefs with the existence of teams such as the milwaukee bucks or utah jazz. just point to one of them and ask, what league are they in? youll noticed they always get really quiet after that
the correspondents dinner? yeah ill say. because withexcuse me, could you please wipe off your screen? theres like this thing right in the middle of my tweet. im  its not a big deal, but im not going to tweet in a pig sty. its a shame. this was going to be a great tweet
i like hockey shootouts. im kind of stupid and i appreciate it when things are distilled into an experience i can understand. i also like chicken nuggets
hugh jackman let me step in line ahead of him at the airport scanner. thought about making an adamantium joke but ultimately didnt
today was the day marty mcfly traveled to in back to the future! with the help of kooky scientist doc christopher lloyd, marty literally raced against the clock to save his own bacon  not to mention the town of hill valley
watching an old ufc event where guys had to fight three times in a night and didnt have any round stoppages. heres the guy who won. congratulations to him
welcome to college football saturday
at the office arguing with people that you could stand in the front yard and shoot a house down with a 9mm pistol if you had unlimited rounds and several years
sure
oh mike hughes got drafted! hes really good. im always forgetting mike hughes. i probably couldnt make on broadway
the nfl is stupid
do not draft me to play in the nfl! i am too old and stupid!
soooo who wants to be the one to tell him
i think that lebron james is the worst basketball player who has ever lived
the name of this game is find a piece of your search history that makes you look like a giant  only rule is that it has to be at least one day old. ill go first
nfl scouts staring at the pirate bay for hours, agonizing over whether to click the get torrent hyperlink or the comically oversized download free! button with the cartoon ape
.zeets did a great job exploring the meaningless stupid bullshit hell that is the nfl draft  
this is from themidnightla. it bangs. such a fun track
ive been honored to work under the same roof as these two for all these years. they and travis are some of the funniest people in the world. and yes, theyre as much of a delight in person as youd guess. gonna miss yall, but so happy for everything you have ahead of you

baseball champion
between 0 and 0 lebron spent about  of his life on the floor playing playoff basketball
watching old corporate loss prevention training videos on youtube. having a great time
my ufc nickname is the flying scorpion. my signature move is to hold both fists straight in front of me and sprint at my opponent as hard as i can. my lifetime record is 0. doctors have told me i now have 0 bones
heres a video i really like of a guy hitting a home run hard as shit
stop, thief! miguel cabrera has zero stolen bases this season. sorry, someones running off with my bicycle. trying to do two things at once over here
welcome to college football saturday
me at a lunch buffet veggies? yes sir! fruit? dont mind if i do! a sampling of meat and seafood? sign me up! time to pull up a throne   because this is a meal fit for a me watching the demolition of my childhood home well, i suppose my imaginary friend is now dead
since frogs and toads are the same we should just call them all frogs. use toad for something that doesnt have a name yet, like lizards. or i guess those are just called lizards. nevermind. but you know what im getting at, right? im just trying to waste a bunch of your time
gamestruck
someones probably thought of this already, but they should tame wild beasts of the plains and train them for such purposes as the tilling of soil
heres my impression of arnold schwarzenegger it is not a tumah. but i am the of, the. i am the governatah of 
this is another fccmandated void tweet. no arguments are being presented, it is not trying to impress you or make you laugh, and you are not expected to click a link or interact with it in any way. thank you for your cooperation. and now, back to the rest of your timeline
i dont think theres a more profound expression of complete ambivalence than, ah! very 
brunch is a combination of the words breakfast and lunch. look, laugh all you want, but i bet one in a few hundred people never realized that, and this tweet is going out to a lot of people
real men know their entire home address, including zip code
a few years ago i briefly did a comic strip about tiger woods called golf information. probably some of the most fun ive had making stuff
once in a while i read leftist joke twitter and i just wanna put on an episode of mister rogers neighborhood
heres my impression of homer simpson doh! raising a family is a fulltime job  not to mention a real pain in the neck! luckily i can always count on my friends moe and barney at the local 
shot, chaser
pott scruitt
thinking about how jeff conine was probably a greater american celebrity in 99 than mike trout is today
sometimes its raining where i am, other times its sunny out. haha. i guess im just random and weird
whenever someone mentions marijuana i butt in with, ahhh  methinks someones doing a little  hrm  how should i put this  schmokayschmokay? and then i mime what i think looks like me smoking a joint, but is actually me eating a tootsie pop
played my first ever game of fortnight! just went around chopping wood like a warcraft peasant until i got shot. if theres other stuff you can do in this game i dont want to know what it is

going to the grocery store latertags groceries, store, jon, the future, tasty eats!, sunday inspiration, whats the haps in bedfordstuyvesant?, local commerce, cooking tips, in the news, wheelin  dealin
it will be very interesting to find out what will happen in todays nba games
yall wanna sit outside, drink a bloody mary, baselessly speculate about mole people
new wye oaks real good
welcome to college football saturday
some people have told me that my math here is incorrect. i am drinking a glass of water right now but i will look into it as soon as i can
just once i want to wish someone a happy birthday and have it actually be their birthday. odds of that have gotta be  in 00
sportswriting could be dangerous. because what if someone writes something stupid
proud to announce that talks to acquire a big buford from a nearby rallys have been fruitful
americas most famous people. beyonce. phil plantier. tom cruise. chris hoiles. bruno mars. garrett anderson. dwayne the rock johnson. ed giovanola9. mark zuckerberg0. wilson betemit
having trouble fitting in on twitter? its easy! how about you go up to someone and say, hey, cool screen name! or, say, that tweet was pretty funny! ask em about their favorite hobbies! do you like music or baseball? how about hiking? well, maybe they do too! now go get em
i often like to sit on a park bench for hours, and feed the ducks, and wonder whether lamar jackson is good at football or not
just want to take a second to show love for trans and nb people who follow me. youre really supportive of the stuff i do and are consistently coolfunny. love yall and love that youre here 
lil man prefers to bring his food to the other room one pellet at a time like its omakase  
just read ahead to the finals, turns out the warriors beat the sixers in five. cool series though! it was pretty fun
whoa this completely defies my preconceived expectations
you may call them the wright brothers  but i call them the flight brothers
the two kinds of fashion are shirt and fancy shirt
evergreen tweet
after many years of service its time for paul to step down from ryans shoulders and remove his comically oversized trench coat. they will no longer be admitted to rrated movies
hey yall! if you have a few bucks lying around, my girlfriend lorenzonicole has a fundraiser going for goodshepherdnyc. it all goes toward foster care, college access, juvenile justice, etc. for nyc kids who could really use it. if youre interested
mr. zuckerberg i want to direct your attention to the video tom cruise kills oprah  extended  its got tom cruise jumpin around on oprahs couch and shootin lightning bolts and things, and im very troubled by that
capitol hill is a real zoo  and today mark zuckerbergs the real clown. wait is the zoo the one with clowns or is that the circus one? i understand that farms, circuses, and the zoo are different but i couldnt really tell you how
chatting online with my friends
i want one of these for the 0 dwight howard hawks
whenever i hear about a food with somewhat unconventional ingredients i pull the nearest fire alarm. if i hear about spaghetti noodles in chili or chocolatecovered bacon or something, it ends with the police yelling at me. but i will never stop
hopefully youtube tutorials will eventually get so good that they will replace the university system. they probably already could. so much cool stuff on there
me at a museum silently appreciates exhibits, strolling from one to another from time to timeme some time later, outside the museum theres some really neat stuff in there
baseball is a sport you can play well into your 0s, its just that every player eventually realizes that home plate is really nothing more than 0th base. they typically just wander off after that
i did make a typo in my tweet about it, which is a decent consolation prize
tonight i almost literally slipped and fell on a banana peel on the sidewalk. like i slipped but didnt fall. i was so close. i really hope that happens for me on eday
watching this with edsbs and weve decided that if trump ever watches it its gonna end with lockheed building a fleet of ,000 biplanes
how about you fix yourself up with one of those new computers they got now, make a podcast like the crappo trappo people
thanks to the likely thousands of people who quietly dislike what i do instead of being one of the four mad guys who tweet how much they hate me every other day
welcome to college football saturday
theres all kinds of cool people. theres trans people, nonbinary people, gay guys, lesbians, bisexual people, people who dont identify, people who do, a lot of other cool people too. too many to mention here. check em out
i have to sit around for a halfhour to build up the courage for online gaming. everyone on there is probably like  and im constitutionally eligible to run for president
if you                    dont                                then you dont               then       you dont           love me              deserve      me    at my                                deserve at my
i am experiencing difficulties with subway travel! i have been personally inconvenienced!
yall wanna come over, play with my dog, edit a documentary im making with byyourlogic
i would like to personally challenge conor mcgregor to a fight. i will destroy you in combat. ive been watching a lot of mma videos lately and i weigh more than you
conor mcgregor is hiding out at my house. he wishes to clear his name. he was only trying to build a clock to show his teachers at school
too busy to tweet much today, but youre not going home emptyhanded! heres an old draft i forgot about
watching clipsspurs and laughing at boban marjanovic. when youre  you have to hunch over to look like a normal guy
every year it seems like number one of the champion. but most of all is fans  and thats what the ballgame
me at 0 theres lots of stuff i need to get done!me at 90 now im at home after a long day of work. time to crack open a beer and watch the big 
the only sports opinion i have is that andruw jones shouldve been easily voted into the hall of fame on his first ballot
ah yes, the three genders
breaking news  im donald trump! someone pour me a bigly cup of covfefe! april fools. i am michael jordan april fools
sittin here thinking about guillermo motas career stats vs. barry bonds. eight walks and a dinger via baseballref
lets all be respectful of militant atheists tomorrow. theyve been waiting for years for april fools to fall on easter. so just play your part. lose arguments. reply to their tweets with verily, my good sir! be there for them. its the only day theyll ever be happy
tomorrows the best day of the year. wendys is going to tweet that they are now serving pizza. someone will reply yum  sounds great! and get cussed at by 000 guys who watch lots of adult swim
welcome to college football saturday
heres another picture of my dog i just took a minute ago  
another masterpiece found by searching youtube for img  with four random numbers at the end. this ones an instant classic
just found a new youtube scene. this one is called payperview ordering menus from the 990s youtube
it will be interesting to find out
nobody argues with me online because everyone is afraid of me. i am very powerful
it would seem that my views on labor policy do not fully align with those of a deeply religious 9yearold person
hold on, i need to button my shirt and put on a belt and a hat so i can go play a sport. huh? no not a helmet, a hat. anywas im gonna do like  seconds of physical activity and spend the rest of the time sitting around and spitting in a hole they dug just for me
for nonsports fans who follow me people are talking about baseball because the season starts today. baseball used to be kind of cool, but they cant do steroids anymore so it sucks now. i mean you play it in a buttonup shirt, not even bowlers do that. thats about it i guess
i guess the nfls thinking about getting rid of kickoffs. heres my video about how dumb they are
taking off from lax! nothing to complain about. hopefully one of these days i will have a bad airline experience so i can tweet something important
everyone in la is named sarah or mike or miguel or something, and theyre  or 0 years old and theyre always saying shit like i just picked up some lakers tickets or hello or some shit like that
hahaha! i am on vacation! hahahaha!
instead of riding on a motorcycle, america needs to get on the votercycle. just thought of this
welcome to college football saturday
at jfk airport! i went through security fairly quickly despite long lines and everyone ive encountered at my airline has been helpful
mine i had a shithole apartment with a closet that was converted to a kitchen. had to drag the oven out of the room to open the door and put something in
i have to be up at 0 for a flight and i hate waking up at that time so much that im staying up all night. hey night twitter. whats the worst furniture arrangement youve ever had

going to la tomorrow! havent spent a lot of time there. any weird stuff i should seeeatdrink
i just spent five minutes looking for an extension cord i was sure i had. i thought id lost it, and i was about to give up, but i found it under my couch. it must have gotten kicked under there at some point
to me, the most annoying thing about twitter is when someone tweets something completely pointless and it gets 00 likes for no reason
i like going on twitter
everyone is wondering why it is 0 degrees out. well thats because it is the first day of spring
heres my impression of stewie from family guy i might just be a pintsized pipsqueak, but watch out  because ive got some big 
to catch up with old friends and discover the best content from around the web head to  
real guy shit is when you hate sex and the city, a show youve never seen. thats real guy shit. and when you pretend that some beers are significantly better than other beers. thats real guy shit
marvel infinity war is the most ambitious crossover event in historyme
jordans so mad at me. no idea why. he might be a cat  
god migos is so much fun
now thats some bad detective work a blogger has determined that the day in ice cubes it was a good day was january th, 
i didnt tell any jokes about stephen hawking dying, and now its too late and everyone is mad at me
imagine showing this image to someone from 0 years ago. theyd probably be like, well, those are names i dont recognize, but i suppose thats natural. technology seems to have improved, which id also expect. looks like he dyed his hair, good for  wouldnt be all that fun
two things that are always said with identical tone and cadence you have any knives in your pockets, needles, anything thats gonna stick me and how are we doing on breadsticks over here
gonna go scrobble my facebook minifeed. you probably wont get this unless youre at least 0
as a rule i ignore virtually every notification i receive. this phone is for tweeting and reading wiki entries on weird animals
now see, this is gonna be a great time. this i can get into
and thats it for the basketball game! up next is the next basketball game
dunkin donuts is way better than starbucks
welcome to college football saturday
thats the most unexpected sports outcome ive ever seen in my life
virginia is the worst state in the union. lived there for a year, that state is hell. go umbc
no way
return of howlin pals  
went to the store. sometimes i think about how baron davis follows me and hears about it whenever i go to the store. anyways, bought some tomatoes
im mostly into college basketball because i think point shaving is really cool
whys it called basketball? wait its. okay, so its. okay nevermind
me watching basketball looks like my brackets busted  again. fat chance of me winning the office pool this year!me trying to read the book of job inside of a training centrifuge there was a man in the land of uz profusely vomits
the ncaa tournament bracket should work in reverse. there should be one 00person team that feuds endlessly and disintegrates into  factions
a day later, im amazed  actually won an award. thanks to all yall, and asme9, and macaree, and elenabergeron.
i wonder what the record is for longest conversation held with zeets without calling him an asshole. i made it like eight minutes, then he said my life is a work of art
international pi day, well, instead of the math one its. instead of the number its truly a slice of pie food. haha. ill take a heaping helping of a slice of pie even though its the, it is the day is about the number.
won this
how about a parody bracket where its the bacon bracket. where like its uh, its different kinds of bacon and you debate with your friends about which ah, which different types of bacon. i dont know. im trying to come up with ideas so that people will like me
i published this a year ago today. its far from perfect, but its my favorite video ive ever made
instead of typing northeaster like everyone else, i have been typing nor throughout my life i have saved a total of  seconds, which i used to wonder why wolverine doesnt have blood go everywhere when his claws come out
planning my hike
well thats not very nice
i feel that if i owned a microwave, i would make positive contributions to microwave twitter
me at   well, that wraps up a days work. time to go home!me at   i recently arrived home  and now to prepare some 
youre going to absolutely love the next tweet in your feed. im very good friends with this person, and i cant wait for you to  read their latest masterpiece of a tweet. take it away, buddy!
i got this partiallyassembled joke about how teams who go to the nit are nitpicking. like, as in, nitpicking. it doesnt really make sense, because how are they nitpicking? not sure. anyways, willing to part this joke out. runs and drives. 00 obo
did a new chart party yesterday
went to facebook
its called 0 for 0 because its 0 episodes that are 0 minutes long
it will be interesting to find out whether louisville will go to the ncaa tournament! thats the city where i am from
brandnew surprise weekend chart party
if i was an mma fighter i think id do a lot of shoving. they couldnt do any of their moves because id just shove them. theyd probably go like hey! but i wouldnt even care
learning how to do stuff
welcome to college football saturday
watching youtube
think were gonna do this monday. its a midrange episode, about eight minutes
yall wanna come over, drink a tecate, roast some chicken thighs, watch the king of the hill episode with jeff goldblum
new yankee workshop was trash. this old house had its moments but was inconsistent. hometime was the only good one
last weekend at the oscars, the uh, everyone was looking for the ah. the stars were usually, you had to go to the observatory in order to see the stars. well guess what they were on the. the stars were on the red carpet instead. or i guess also. meant to tweet this last weekend
welcome, new followers! here youll find random observations about sports and pop culture. dont like bacon? blocked and reported for spam. make sure ya dont trip and fall into the sarchasm 
i photoshopped this funny thing that no one would ever actually tweet
as a content creator, my primary creative inspirations are jay mariotti and jesus christ
a panel of experts has voted ramon sessions the worlds most powerful man. his net worth is estimated to be in the millions of dollars
for nonamericannonsports folks who follow me bo jackson has been my hero since i was six. sports people, who disagree about everything, somewhat agree that hes the best athlete who has ever lived. sometimes it was like watching superman play sports
bo in royals uniform alert
serious answer fresh produce. i made it the day i could buy a bunch of avocados and not care whether they were  or 
just saw an ad for ready player one! check that one out if youre a fan of video games
went with brunswick sardines in oil with jalepenos. quality fish, wished the jalapenos were a little spicier. the best tins  have oil infused with tons of heat. 
bought a new brand of sardines tonight! gonna throw em in a salad for dinner. im kind of particular about sardines, so ill let you know how it goes
just finished reading all your tweets, theyre great! just a heads up though, your phones at . charger should be in your bag
the haters guide to the ncaa tournamentby jonalcorn state? wofford? where the heck are these teams from? whats next, timbuktu state? say it with me folks, nobody cares about your freking bracket!comments i made  today from home! michelle you gotta check it out
watching the voice! i havent watched this show much before but i like it! having a good time
it will be interesting to see who will win
tonight those people came to the movies but they didnt know the movies would come to them
oscar. like a uh, like a little uh. like a tiny car for one of those little oscar fellas that he ah. that he can like, that he drives around. i dont know
if someone wears a funny hat to the oscars im going to start a parody account for the hat. ill tweet thats right, tweeps  ive joined the twitterverse! and then ill forget about it, and in  years ill use it to cheat on my spouse
oscar awards are today
working on stuff
im sorry, you can read all the cookbooks you want but theres no substitute for booking a flight to ethnic
